Moderate Threads (#38)
ietf-chairs/chairs.ietf.org: mailing-lists.md

To unmoderate, change the **Moderation** setting to `Default processing`. 

## Moderating threads/subjects

To put a subject into moderation:
1. Find the **Header filters** menu

> 2. Set the Header field to `subject`, set Pattern field to your regex to moderate the , set Action field to "Hold for moderation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the Header field to `subject`, set Pattern field to a regex that matches the subject you want to moderate, set Action field to "Hold for moderation"
```
